Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
So when I went to choose this app I thought it was just a simple schedule application that I needed to create. As I went deeper into the selections reading I realized that it's more than that this allowed me to be a lot more intentional and specific with what I was creating. The user needs that were addressed in the applications was the ability to log in 
and create any event they want which includes the ability to put in the time date, and location. Then last but not least the actual sms allowed a user to choose someone to send a message to and the actual message was sent.
What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
So the screens that were necessary included just a simple login screen as the main start of the app as well as a main screen that consisted of the actual scheduling area that allows a user to create the event, and finally the sms that allowed the user to send a message.
How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those techniques or strategies be applied in the future?
I took a simple approach what does the user need to do and how can I do that the most effectively this allowed the process to be the simplest it's been in a while. The strategies I used consisted of drawing out a rough sketch of the application and everything it entailed. Techniques I could use in the future would probably be 
test cases this allows me to do a lot of tests that would ensure functionality in any circumstance.
How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important, and what did it reveal?
So the test I ran was actually for the database for the events and that was really tough to figure out because I needed a way to ensure it would continue to collect events and allow the user to scroll down and see any event at any time. When I initially did this it would do that it would just overlap events now it works perfectly.
Consider the full app design and development process from initial planning to finalization. Where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
So the full app in itself was really hard to develop because honestly, I didn't have that much practice in Java compared to the amount of time I had as a C+ developer and since we were working with Java I had to spend a lot of time in the book learning that language.
In what specific component of your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
I would say that the creation of the database was probably the most difficult part of this entire app. Solving that was the part I was probably the most excited about.
